add doc for tidb_last_query_info and tidb_shard_allocate_step (#9770)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `tikv,tiflash,tidb`
- This variable is used to set the storage engine list that TiDB can use when reading data.

### `tidb_last_query_info` <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0.14</span>

- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: ""

> - This is a read-only variable. It is used to query the transaction information of the last DML statement. The information include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is a read-only variable. It is used to query the transaction information of the last DML statement. The information includes:
```

    - `txn_scope`: The scope of the transaction. It can be `global` or `local`.
    - `start_ts`: The start timestamp of the transaction.

>     - `for_update_ts`: The for_udpate timestamp of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `for_update_ts`: The for_update_ts of the previously executed DML statement, which is an internal term of TiDB used for tests, usually, the end-user doesn't need to care about it.
```

- Default value: `tikv,tiflash,tidb`
- This variable is used to set the storage engine list that TiDB can use when reading data.

### tidb_last_query_info <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0.14</span>

> - Scope: SESSION

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Persists to cluster: No
```

> - Default value: ""

Reviewer 2: Does it persist to cluster?

Author: `SESSION` scope system variables never persist to cluster.

- This is a read-only variable. It is used to query the transaction information of the last DML statement. The information includes:

>     - `txn_scope`: The scope of the transaction. It can be `global` or `local`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `txn_scope`: The scope of the transaction, which can be `global` or `local`.
```

    - `start_ts`: The start timestamp of the transaction.

>     - `for_update_ts`: The for_update_ts of the previously executed DML statement, which is an internal term of TiDB used for tests, usually, the end-user doesn't need to care about it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `for_update_ts`: The `for_update_ts` of the previously executed DML statement. This is an internal term of TiDB used for tests. Usually, you can ignore this information.
```

>     - `error`: The error message if any.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `error`: The error message, if any.
```

- By default, Regions are split for a new table when it is being created in TiDB. After this variable is enabled, the newly split Regions are scattered immediately during the execution of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. This applies to the scenario where data need to be written in batches right after the tables are created in batches, because the newly split Regions can be scattered in TiKV beforehand and do not have to wait to be scheduled by PD. To ensure the continuous stability of writing data in batches, the `CREATE TABLE` statement returns success only after the Regions are successfully scattered. This makes the statement's execution time multiple times longer than that when you disable this variable.
- Note that if `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` have been set when a table is created, the specified number of Regions are evenly split after the table creation.

### `tidb_shard_allocate_step` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `9223372036854775807`
- Range: `[1, 9223372036854775807]`

> - This variable controls the max number of the continous IDs. Generally, the allocating [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/auto-random.md) IDs or the [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/shard-row-id-bits.md) annotated row IDs are incremental and continuous in one transaction. This variable can be used to solve the hotspot issue in the large transaction scenario.

Reviewer: > max number of the continous IDs

Should it be 'max number of the continuous IDs in one single SQL statement'?

Author: Nope. It should be one transaction:

```sql
mysql> create table t (a bigint auto_random primary key, b int);
Query OK, 0 rows affected, 1 warning (0.04 sec)

mysql> set @@tidb_shard_allocate_step = 3;
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

mysql> begin;
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)

mysql> insert into t (b) values (1), (2);
Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.00 sec)
Records: 2  Duplicates: 0  Warnings: 0

mysql> insert into t (b) values (3), (4);
Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.00 sec)
Records: 2  Duplicates: 0  Warnings: 0

mysql> select * from t;
+---------------------+------+
| a                   | b    |
+---------------------+------+
| 1441151880758558721 |    1 |
| 1441151880758558722 |    2 |
| 1441151880758558723 |    3 |
| 4899916394579099652 |    4 |
+---------------------+------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

Reviewer: I see, thanks!

> - This variable controls the max number of the continous IDs. Generally, the allocating [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/auto-random.md) IDs or the [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/shard-row-id-bits.md) annotated row IDs are incremental and continuous in one transaction. This variable can be used to solve the hotspot issue in the large transaction scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the max number of the continuous IDs. Generally, the allocating [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/auto-random.md) IDs or the [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/shard-row-id-bits.md) annotated row IDs are incremental and continuous in one SQL statement. This variable can be used to solve the hotspot issue in the large transaction scenario.
```
Ditto.

- By default, Regions are split for a new table when it is being created in TiDB. After this variable is enabled, the newly split Regions are scattered immediately during the execution of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. This applies to the scenario where data need to be written in batches right after the tables are created in batches, because the newly split Regions can be scattered in TiKV beforehand and do not have to wait to be scheduled by PD. To ensure the continuous stability of writing data in batches, the `CREATE TABLE` statement returns success only after the Regions are successfully scattered. This makes the statement's execution time multiple times longer than that when you disable this variable.
- Note that if `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` have been set when a table is created, the specified number of Regions are evenly split after the table creation.

### `tidb_shard_allocate_step` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `9223372036854775807`
- Range: `[1, 9223372036854775807]`

> - This variable controls the max number of the continous IDs. Generally, the allocating [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/auto-random.md) IDs or the [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/shard-row-id-bits.md) annotated row IDs are incremental and continuous in one transaction. This variable can be used to solve the hotspot issue in the large transaction scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum number of continuous IDs to be allocated for the [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/auto-random.md) or [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/shard-row-id-bits.md) attribute. Generally, `AUTO_RANDOM` IDs or the `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` annotated row IDs are incremental and continuous in one transaction. You can use this variable to solve the hotspot issue in large transaction scenarios.
```
